Release 0.36.2 (#563)
philss/floki: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased][unreleased]

## [0.36.2] - 2024-04-26

> - Fix regression to respect config option of `:encode_raw_html`
> 
> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fix typespec of `get_by_id/2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Implement the `Inspect` protocol for the `Floki.HTMLTree` struct.
  This struct is currently private. Thank you [@vittoriabitton](https://github.com/vittoriabitton).

### Fixed

- Fix regression to respect config option `:encode` in `Floki.raw_html/2`.
  Thanks [@Sgoettschkes](https://github.com/Sgoettschkes).

- Make the `Floki.raw_html/2` treat the contents of the `<title>` tag as plain text.
  The idea is to align with `parse_document/2`.
  Thank you [@aymanosman](https://github.com/aymanosman).
```

- Elixir version requirement from "~> 1.0.0" to ">= 1.0.0".

[unreleased]: https://github.com/philss/floki/compare/v0.36.2...HEAD

> [0.36.1]: https://github.com/philss/floki/compare/v0.36.1...v0.36.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[0.36.2]: https://github.com/philss/floki/compare/v0.36.1...v0.36.2
```
